that help you sir in an age excuse me
sir may I help you
when terrorism knows no boundaries and
the level of threat I have a message
with the American president knows no
limits I am in control of like three
four three
sir I don't think this is about hostages
what are you talking about a shipment of
the nerve toxin dc5 is hygienic
depreciating nerve gases on board yes
sir
they plan to use the dz-5 in the
airplane together to detonate here over
Washington the response is routine under
this demanding immediate action there's
a hatch on the belly of the 747 near the
nose I could dock there I know you wrote
the book on disclosing a hijacked
aircraft but this is five miles off the
earth I don't think we have any other
options an advanced technology can
accomplish miracles what are you doing
up there who the hell else is gonna do
it you
or death decision that come visit but
movie on this flight for 400 hostages in
a plane or 40 million business on the
ground will come down to a choice
between the unthinkable in the Warner
Brothers invites you and I rather than a
ship this plane down
- fasten your seat belts this is
directly from the President himself
are you at your orders that's to kill
them right
executive decision